hello tubers just Robert Forney in 1979
just couple things yeah I got the beast
back in the shop here lately and see
that in turn this swamp cooler also the
window blowing then Mike I can fill this
thing up in the morning full of
antifreeze or water and by the time I
get to work just starting over he
because already pushed all the water out
so it's time fish start doing teardown
on it so I can put the new heads
injector and all that good stuff in here
so uh yeah just that time I guess but as
y'all can see here's the two heads those
are the rear brake shoes I got put on it
I have my box of injectors a dual mark
balancer inner and outer ones in the
boxer ones out there oh this came in
with the injector all the hose and all
the good fun stuff I'm really not
looking forward to doing this but here
gonna head bolts it's the head gaskets
uh head gaskets it - the head gaskets
they do not sell the head gasket set
with head gaskets go figure that one out
oh that still just boggles me if you're
gonna sell a head gasket set include
their head gaskets otherwise don't call
it a damn head gasket six you ain't got
the head gaskets but that's gonna be my
start how I start that tomorrow and I'll
get videos as I'm doing this when I'm
gonna pull the whole front end down Oh
most of it and turn it all down so I can
get to the
I got to take your radiator at two so
hey I just went to this whole front end
down and get there monk bouncers off
replace those get the heads off got to
check my number eight cylinder make sure
it's not bad because I know in these
earlier six fives up until I think is 98
99 someone there
number eight cylinder had issues with
overheating and actually cracking in the
cylinder itself so I'm hoping that's not
the case but I don't know when this
motor was produced I have no idea
because it was a crate motor in the
other truck and then I put it into this
truck so I don't know so oh and then
I'll get back on the the white six five
here pretty soon then I gotta drop the
transmission in it find out if the ship
before that clutch forks is totally ate
up or what change the rear main seal on
that one while I got it down it is
leaking metal pieces cut off like in the
talked about the previous video get that
done and I'm leaving a grille guard off
this a I'm not gonna put it back on I
it's not made for this truck clearly so
it's not going to go back on oh and I'm
not looking for containing Surinder part
either change the brakes that's gonna
suck but it's got to be done so I think
what else I was going to do my just
totally went blank but uh anyways
got me a new little toe box set up here
built the bottom piece of it there got
work did most of it I said the top edit
pieces cut this out there the angler in
here and put the Box on it thing on -
you work kind of use it I guess many for
the lawnmower side of it over there
touchy things in there so yeah I get the
little toolbox there my big box and at
this little toolbox one more top box
then enough to do it that was going to
go to work is whoever the heck wants it
at work in heaven it's five dollars
something that five hours but I can use
that one
let's see on the table do some of the
look you put a bunch of junk tools in it
and let my kids play with it so
I guess soon be time to start hitting
the ground cells but uh anyways I said
look for some more videos this is going
to be quick
something to go in the house get in bed
check you out here and get a get a good
start on this I got to jack it up back
it up back it up
Lisa the back walls to the door saying
Jack it up get the exhaust off loosen
everything and I'm gonna try to have
this done all by tomorrow evening back
started running complete oh that's the
other thing these mirrors here they're
coming off I've had enough of them just
going to leave holes and they've drilled
self test drill holes into the door I'll
just I'll care them I take them off and
put the mirrors that go here on it and
be down there because I'm actually
fixing to put my camper up for sale or
trade I'm at mass for four thousand four
or trade for a two thousand or newer
full drive SUV counter for a Tahoe so if
any of y'all and watch my videos had
nothing but the Tahoe's one the camper
and looking trade let me know anyway if
you see scrub scrub repo videos come if
you like and enjoy watching my videos so
we'll see you off to the next one